Feature/write docs on new scn (#24)
ostis-ai/ostis-web-platform: README.md

To do that, run docker image:
```sh
docker run -v </full/path/to/ostis-web-platform>:/workdir ostis/scn-latex-plugin:latest docs/main.tex
```
After the compilation, the `main.pdf` file should appear at `ostis-web-platform/docs/`.

Alternatively, you can use any LaTeX distribution to build and view the documentation, but you will have to install all

> dependencies manually. We use own LaTeX plugin as a submodule, to build docs natively you can read more about usage of 
> this plugin [here](https://github.com/ostis-ai/scn-latex-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependencies manually. We use our own LaTeX plugin to represent documentation in SCn-code. You can learn more about our plugin [here](https://github.com/ostis-ai/scn-latex-plugin).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Please, add info about native compilation, because this action might be very tricky. I propose the following command for that purpose `TEXINPUTS=./scn: latexmk -pdf -bibtex main.tex`
